Timber!
That's a deep hole.
And getting deeper.
Why are you digging it?
We're building a house.
Down there?
I don't know, Richard.
That back porch window just
doesn't want to stay closed.
Even had my husband
sand down where it's warped.
Even though
nobody seems to care,
a million dollars
is a steal these days.
- Hmm.
- Here are the keys.
Please remember to
put them in the lockbox
- when you're finished.
- Look, we won't be long.
Twenty, 30 minutes, tops.
And thank you
for arranging this.
It means a lot.
My pleasure, Richard.
You truly
won't find a more perfect house.
There's a full basement where we
have an ultramodern central
heating furnace
with copper
pipes, an oil burner.
No more of that coal stoking.
Uh, it's only been
on the market 18 days.
It won't last long.
The house was originally built
in 1900, Mr. and Mrs. Young.
A half colonial.
It is as sturdy as an old tree.
So, as you can
see, Mr. and Mrs. Young--
Al and Rose is fine!
Al lost the hearing
in his left ear
when a shell exploded
right next to him.
The doctors say
it will eventually clear up.
Oh, that's fortunate.
He also has bomb fragments
lodged in his hip.
He'll have to carry that around
for the rest of his life.
My husband went missing at sea.
- Oh.
- At Midway.
Three years in June now.
I've heard of people
having the doorbell ring
and their husband
is standing right there.
Al was in the
Battle of Saint-Lô.
Eleven thousand
casualties in two weeks.
For crying out loud, Rose,
what does any of this
have to do with
the price of tea in China?
China!
The house
is 1,800 square feet
with enough lot
to add on if you grow.
There's a dining room.
Yeah, custom kitchen cabinets,
a breakfast nook,
a lovely back porch,
which can always be converted
into a spare guest room.
Upstairs-- four large bedrooms,
bathrooms, one with a shower,
a powder room and large closets.
The kitchen appliances
come with the house.
A four-burner Norge range,
complete with a built-in
electric clock and timer.
I don't like it much at all.
It's like a shoebox.
I can't imagine
anyone living here.
Not much of a view
for what you're asking.
If I may.
Of all my listings,
this property is by far
the closest to
the new grade school.
And it's less than a mile
from the new aerodrome
they're going to build.
Could come in
handy in the future.
- The future?
- That's right, Pauline.
It's the only
direction we're headed.
And it's happening
right now, right here.
John, is living near
an aerodrome
really that important to you?
It is, Pauline. It truly is.
It's the future.
Well, I guess I'll get
used to that monstrosity
- across the street.
- Darling, you are a peach.
You're an absolute peach.
So, they're asking 3,400.
That's a very good price.
I have two more couples
who are coming just today.
One is a colonel, I understand.
Married an Italian woman.
She doesn't speak a word
of English.
Has a lovely smile.
Why don't I give you a moment
to talk it over?
Three thousand, four hundred?
Gee whillikers, Rose, no.
We agreed we couldn't pay more
than 3,000,
even with my dad's money.
I'm pregnant.
You're what?
I'm pregnant!
- You are?
- Yes.
- Really?
- Three months.
Any thoughts?
The price is right in line
with the G.I. Bill guarantee.
- We'll take it.
-  Yes!
We'll take it! Yes, we will.
Ricky, it's your first
Christmas.
- Yes! Get you here.
-  Okay.
Oh, look at him.
He's such a perfect angel.
-  Ricky, smile.
-  Oh, Ricky...
Ready and... smile.
Okay, calm down, Ricky.
Ricky? Ricky, sit down.
Sit. Over here.
- Ricky. Ricky.
-  Yes.
Okay, we get it. You can jump.
- Ricky. Quit jumping.
-  Ricky, sit down, honey.
Sit down next to your--
- Sit down next to your sister.
- We're gonna take a picture.
- It's all right. Sit down.
- Ricky! Ricky, sit down!
- Smile. Smile.
- Goddamn it, Ricky, sit down!
Oh, my God!
Okay, Ricky Ricardo,
time to give it a rest.
Yeah, that-- It's...
really loud for Daddy's head.
- Ricky, listen to me.
-  Look, Jimmy, look.
Rick-- Ricky!
Ricky, stop it, goddamn it!
Look, Jimmy, look!
Yeah, and I think Santa's lost
his goddamn mind.
Those drums are
from your mother.
Well, they're
going in the garage.
Jimmy, Elizabeth,
I'm warning you two.
Get ready for bed, please.
Elizabeth, take
your brother upstairs.
Now.
- Thank you.
-  Come on.
I met the couple who moved
into the new house, honey.
Oh, honey,
don't close the drapes.
I hate it. It looks
like a funeral parlor.
Ted and Virginia.
Yeah? What are they like?
Well, she's gonna have a baby.
- What are they like?
- Um...
Well, they like to laugh.
They're so, I don't know,
filled with life.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
How long they been married?
Stop it.
- Ricky, sweetheart, 20 minutes.
- I'm just playing.
That's it, all right?
And put this stuff away.
Elizabeth! Jimmy!
That's a hell of a battle
you got going there.
Who's winning?
The Americans just
shot all the Krauts.
Good.
Did you ever shoot anybody?
Come again?
In the war--
did you shoot anybody?
It's hard to know.
Everything happens so fast,
it's just a blur.
You never really see the enemy,
just the flash of a helmet.
Guy next to me, Carl Bolton,
from Wesley, Ohio...
he had two
different color eyes-- one...
one brown, one blue.
Two-tone.
Called him Two-tone.
Saw him get his jaw blown off.
What did you do?
What? Do?
After that guy got his
jaw shot off, what'd you do?
I don't want to talk about it.
They should
arrive within a fortnight.
And to be
perfectly honest, I dread it.
Oh, William, your own father,
your own son.
- Please.
- I-I know.
I'm just nervous
to see little Billy.
He's 13 now.
It's been years
since we were last together.
You know, he might as well
be my father's son.
Your father is
certainly a presence,
but you are an important man
in your own right.
My father thinks
he can overthrow the Crown.
And this treasonous rabble
that follows him
has no idea what a crackpot
the old man is!
Flying a kite,
naked but for his nightgown,
in the middle
of a lightning storm, no less.
Promise me that you will not
discuss politics with
your father.
I so dislike arguments.
Well, I'm afraid my father and I
are on entirely different
sides now.
Breaks my heart
to read his letters.
My own father is
becoming a terrorist.
You redcoat bastard!
What in the--
-  I took his hat off!
- The indignity!
You ruffians!
You ought to be
put in the stocks!
You filthy rebel scoundrels!
- Oh, my.
- Oh, oh, Elizabeth.
Oh, what is
this world coming to?
I wonder how old it is.
It's over 200 years old.
Some famous
colonial guy lived there.
Really? Who told you that?
- Dave, our next-door neighbor.
- Dave?
Yeah, the one
with the perfect lawn.
Little welcome gift from Dave.
Oh, how nice.
Have you seen Justin?
I need help with
these heavy boxes.
Yeah, he's out back. Justin!
Come help your
mother with these boxes.
Hold on, you
packed that ratty thing?
Of course I did.
- Buck's a family heirloom.
- Uh-huh.
Well, you can hang that
ugly heirloom in the garage.
She called you ugly, Buck.
You know what is ugly,
is these damn walls.
What'd they do,
paint it with vomit?
You're so romantic.
- Isn't he romantic, Raquel?
-  He sure is.
♪ It was an itsy-bitsy ♪
♪ Teeny-weeny,
yellow polka-dot bikini ♪
♪ That she wore for
the first time today ♪
♪ An itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny,
yellow polka-dot bikini ♪
♪ So in ♪
My chair!
Jimmy!
Why did you knock
Susie off her chair?
- I'm just playing the game, Mom.
- No, you're not.
You have to play nicely.
Now, go to your room.
Did you hear me?
♪ Yellow polka-dot bikini...
I said go to your room.
Thank you.
♪ For the first time today ♪
♪ An itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny,
yellow polka-dot bikini ♪
♪ So in the locker
she wanted to stay ♪
Everything okay
in there?
Yeah, I just...
I can't get enough
smooth action on this
damn footrest.
Oh, you'll figure it out, honey.
You always do.
Here's your lunch.
Thanks, doll.
Huh.
Every day, the mailman comes,
the dog barks,
the mailman goes away.
The dog thinks he has protected
us once again from an intruder.
It's a symbiotic relationship.
- It's a little ritual they do.
- Aw.
- A little performance.
- A little like us.
Oh, how do you mean?
I mean I make you a Spam
sandwich and you sit in your
Relaxer chair.
Exactly.
Only now, I'm calling it
my Relax-E-Boy chair.
- Oh.
- Mm.
Isn't Relaxer
chair too on the nose?
- Mm...
- I feel like,
by calling it a boy, it gives
it a fun, youthful feel.
God knows we got to appeal
to that youth market.
Relax-E-Boy. I like that.
You are so clever.
Relax-E-Boy. Relax-E-Boy.
Relax-E-Boy chair.
Relax.
Relax-E-Boy.
What you need is
a Relax-E-Boy chair.
The milk's here.
For some reason, he always
leaves it at the bottom of
the steps.
And his horse
shits right next to it.
What do you think?
Just shipped in from London--
Alfred Dunhill.
- What time will you be home?
- Oh, let me see.
Uh, 450-mile
round trip to Schenectady
at 110 miles per hour,
plus two fuel stops.
I'll be home before
you can say "Schenectady."
- Good Lord.
- The sky's the limit, Pauline.
John, you mortgaged our house
to buy that ridiculous airplane.
Our home.
Just come up with me
for a ride-- one ride.
- You'll love it. Trust me.
- Not on your life.
I tremble every time
you get in that contraption.
Every week, I read in the news
that an airplane has crashed.
You know why?
Poor fuel management.
Most planes crash
because they run out of gas.
Fuel management is
the key to safe flying.
And regular engine maintenance.
Proper fuel management
and regular engine maintenance
are the keys to safe flying.
And the weather.
Proper fuel management,
regular engine maintenance
and staying out
of thunderstorms.
That's all it takes.
Aviation is the future, Pauline.
Your head is in
the clouds, John.
I knew you were
going to say that.
How do you
know what I was gonna say?
Well, I'm done with
this bullshit conversation.
Christ almighty,
what is the world coming to?
What was that all about?
Goddamn Bill, he calls me
long-distance from Pittsburgh
to brag about all
the sales he's made.
It's late, Al.
- We should go to bed.
- Goddamn Pittsburgh.
How come he's at
the trade show, huh?
No, really, I-I've been
at the company longer.
I've been--
I've been passed over, Rose.
I've been passed over.
No, he's right. He's right.
I never succeeded in anything
unless you count
staying alive in the war,
and then I just got lucky.
Oh, we both got lucky
that we found one another.
Ricky, don't forget
to turn out the lights.
Al, it's so late.
Let's go to bed.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. In a minute.
What are you always drawing?
- Whatever I see.
- Let me see.
Well, what do you know?
The living room.
That'll bring a pretty penny.
Goddamn Bill.
Hey, how-how many towns
can you name in Pennsylvania,
besides Pittsburgh?
Uh, not too many.
Philadelphia.
I don't know. Allen-something.
"Allen-something."
- Allentown.
- Mm.
Hard to remember.
I could tell you every town
along the turnpike.
Grove City,
Clarion, DuBois, Bellefonte...
Lock Haven.
Each one has a hotel,
and if you know your way around,
you can get a room
that looks out at the river.
You hear it going all night.
Nothing like sleeping
to the sound of a river.
And then you got diners
with food so good, boy,
you can't imagine.
Places to drink that
make you feel right at home.
I've been to places.
One night, I took somebody
back to my room.
She had red hair.
Al, are you
coming to bed?
Yeah.
Why are you telling me all this?
It's just one night.
They let me go.
What do you mean
they let you go?
They let me go. They...
said there weren't enough
opportunities for salesmen of
that product anymore,
and I don't know,
and they're shrinking.
They gave Bill Pennsylvania.
What are they talking about?
"Opportunities."
Didn't I always sell
for them, Rose? Didn't I?
We'll have to take a new
mortgage out on the house
somehow.
The roof will have to wait.
They...
they shrunk me, Rose.
They shrunk me.
What am I gonna do now, Rose?
What am I gonna do?
We'll figure it out.
We always do.
Hey, everybody,
I want you to meet someone.
Elizabeth, Jimmy,
say hello to Margaret.
-  Hi, guys.
- Hi, Margaret.
Whoopee cushion. What a jerk.
Hey, Dad?
I'd like you to meet Margaret.
Nice to meet you, Margaret.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Young.
Uh, Richard told me
that you fought in the war.
- My-my father was a pilot.
- Ah.
Yeah, yeah, in '59,
he tried out to be a...
a-an astronaut with NASA.
Well, his eyes
weren't good enough.
- But he almost made it, right?
- Yeah, he did.
But he-he manages a chain
of auto parts stores now.
And he always says,
"Oh, what could have been?"
Well, there is a lot
of that going around.
"Well,
there's a lot of that going--"
Mom, I want you
to meet Margaret.
I'm just taking out
the roast, honey. Who?
- Margaret.
- I'll go in.
Hi, Mrs. Young.
Can I help you with anything?
Pleasure
to meet you, Margaret.
So, do you go to Franklin High?
No,
I go to St. Paul's.
Oh.
St. Paul's.
Well, how did you meet Richard?
Hey, did you see
the zesty carrots?
What do you plan to do
after high school, Margaret?
I'd like to go to college.
Maybe someday be a lawyer.
- A lawyer?
- She'd make a good lawyer.
She's very persuasive.
What's wrong with being a wife?
If you decide to do
something, don't wait.
I had wanted to be a bookkeeper.
You should
see her checkbook.
Well, I'm going
into the graphic arts.
- I'm going to be an artist.
- Oh, great.
Just what the world needs.
Don't be an idiot.
Get a job where you wear a suit.
Time just went.
I would have been
a good bookkeeper.
Ew!
Damn it, Jimmy!
- I see you.
- Kissing!
I am gonna clobber you!
Can you smell something funny?
You know, when you smell
something, you're actually
inhaling molecules
that have detached themselves
from whatever it is you're
smelling
and-and spread
out over a large area.
If we could see a loaf of bread
by its smell,
it would be enormous.
Hey, gorgeous,
get a load of this recline.
I'm late, Raquel.
I probably won't see you again
until Thursday.
Okay, see you Thursday, Ms. H.
Okay, you be good.
Oh, I will.
- Morning, Raquel.
- Ah, morning, Justin.
- You got your lunch?
- Uh-huh.
Anything exciting going on
in school today?
Mm, not really.
Just first day of driver's ed.
Driver's ed? [sighs] Dios mío.
Only yesterday,
I was changing your diapers.
Uh-huh. See you Thursday.
- Wallet.
- Check.
- Watch.
Keys?
Check, check and double check.
- You nervous?
- Yeah.
I'm not sure I can
still do this.
You could
sell a teapot a spout.
No one can say no to you.
- You're a charmer.
- Oh? I don't know, Rose.
I'm not a 23-year-old veteran
full of piss and vinegar
anymore.
Just watch your drinking.
Jesus Christ.
Oh,
my goodness, Mommy.
It was so exciting.
You can see everything
just like a bird does.
And it makes your tummy tickle
and get all squiggly.
And you're taller
than the tallest tree.
And everybody looks so small,
like they're ants.
And all the houses
and carriages look like toys.
We weren't expecting you home
until this evening.
How is the suffering
for suffrage going?
The windows couldn't open,
so we postponed it
until we could find a room
with better ventilation.
Sweetheart,
will you please go to your room
and practice for a while?
I need to speak to your father.
When you finish, can I tell you
about the landing?
Of course, dear.
I'll come get you.
I can't believe
you took our precious child
up in that death trap.
Calm down, Pauline.
You're overreacting.
Overreacting? My God, John,
she's the only child we have.
Look, I simply wanted her
to experience something
that very few people,
let alone children, have--
Oh, please.
I'm sorry. I should have
told you ahead of time.
You know perfectly well I would
never have allowed it. Never.
Okay, you're right.
You're right.
Sell that infernal plane, John,
before somebody gets
killed in it.
♪ I bless the day I found you ♪
♪ I want to stay around you...
You know, if you like,
you could spend
the rest of the night here.
♪ Let it be me ♪
I could spend the rest
of my life here.
♪ Don't take
this heaven from one ♪
♪ If you must cling... ♪
She's pregnant.
She's what?
Margaret is pregnant.
You're just 18 years old.
The beatnik lawyer,
is she even 18?
What do you want me to say?
God, you stupid prick, you!
You couldn't
keep it in your pants!
We both have stupid pricks, Dad.
Don't be a wiseass.
Do not be a wiseass!
You think I wanted
to end up selling vacuums?
You think I wanted to be done
with my life when I was 22?
You think I didn't have things
I wanted to do?
Dreams?
For you.
Al, what's going on?
You're gonna be a grandmother.
What?
Margaret's pregnant, Mom.
Now, tonight, we're gonna
twice be entertained by them.
Right now and again
in the second half
of our show.
Ladies and gentlemen,
The Beatles! Let's hear it.
♪ Close your eyes
and I'll kiss you... ♪
Because they have exchanged
their vows before
God and these witnesses,
and have placed their love...
♪ I'll always be true ♪
♪ And then while I'm away ♪
♪ I'll write home
every day... ♪
...according to the laws
of the state and the power
vested in me,
I now pronounce
you husband and wife.
♪ All my loving ♪
♪ I will send to you ♪
- You may now kiss the bride.
- ♪ All my loving ♪
♪ Darling, I'll be true ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
- ♪ All my loving ♪
♪ All my loving ♪
♪ Ooh, all my loving ♪
♪ I will send to you ♪
I thought I was
the only one
having a hard time sleeping.
Mm, I'm trying
to get a feel
for the early morning light.
Give me your hand.
- What?
- You feel that?
No-- Oh.
Oh.
He's gonna be
a field goal kicker.
Or she's gonna be
a high-kicking chorus girl.
A dancer.
- I put the coffee on for you.
- Thanks.
Step this way, please, gorgeous.
Take a seat right here.
Oh, why, thank you.
I have something very important
I want to tell you.
Oh, yeah? What's that, lover?
I think '42 is gonna
be a great year.
And why is that?
Oh!
Those boys up in Michigan
seem very interested
in my chair's 180-degree
full recline feature.
I think they're gonna go for it.
I think you're right.
You're my genius inventor.
And you know what else?
With this full recline feature,
you never even have to leave
the chair.
You can even sleep right here.
Right here in
our Relax-E-Boy chair.
You know what else you can do
with a full recline feature?
In the middle of
a Sunday afternoon?
What would Father Murphy say?
Well,
let's not tell him.
This is John Daly speaking
from the CBS
newsroom in New York.
Here is the Far East situation
as reported to this moment.
The Japanese have attacked
the American Naval base
at Pearl Harbor,
Hawaii, and our defense
facilities at Manila,
capital of the Philippines...
I just can't get comfortable.
Oh. I'm sorry. I know it's late.
I was just trying to catch
the rising moon.
Sleeping Beauty over here
doesn't have a problem
getting comfortable.
Honey, wait.
Can you turn towards the light?
Oh, I just don't feel pretty
right now, Richard.
Honey, you don't
understand. I...
I can't take my eyes off of you.
Oh, no.
Al!
Goddamn rain!
It's coming through the walls!
You have the-the number
of the, uh...
the-the roofing guy?
What roofing guy?
The-- José,
the Puerto Rican.
No,
José's the gutter guy!
He-he's a gutter guy?
We have a gutter guy?
Yeah, José,
he cleans the rain gutters.
Oh...
God, Al, did you
move that bucket?
Yeah, I moved the bucket!
- I had to look at the hole!
- Look at the floor!
Look at all that water!
Jimmy, the baby's coming.
- Now?
- Right now!
- Call a taxi.
- A taxi?
I have to get to the hospital!
Oh! Oh!
Jimmy, it's not waiting.
What do you mean it's not
waiting? It has to wait!
Oh, my God,
you have to do something!
- Jimmy!
- Jesus Christ!
Call a taxi!
Breathe. Okay, Lamaze. Lamaze.
- I got towels.
- Oh, my God. What?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
- Are you calling a taxi?
- No.
Who are you calling?
- The fire department.
- The fire department?!
How do you like
them apples, kid?
A ringside seat.
A circle of life.
You did good, kid.
It's a girl.
That is the moon.
And look, look, look.
There's another moon.
That's another moon.
That's right.
So we have two. We have two.
There's one moon,
and there's the other moon.
You're
the most beautiful angel.
Yes, you are.
Yes.
You're the most beautiful girl.
Oh, what is that goofy face?
Yeah.
You make Mommy so happy.
I'm so happy. Yeah.
You want to go
get something to eat?
Yeah, let's go. Come on.
Applesauce? You want applesauce?
I know.
Oh, are you sleepy?
You need to take
a little nap-nap?
I think it's time to go
night night, right?
You gonna take a little nap?
Yeah.
We sing a little lullaby,
and we go night night.
Time to go night night.
Vanessa, look who's here.
Daddy's home.
Hi. What-what are you doing?
I got the job.
What?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Congratulations.
They hired
me on the spot.
You girls are looking
at the newest salesman
of the 12th-largest life
insurance company in America.
That is so great, Richard.
Yeah, it's the opportunity
of a lifetime.
Aren't you happy?
I'm sorry.
We've done everything we can.
-  Okay. Roll it.
- Everybody ready?
Is that working? Yeah.
Hey.
Stop it, Jimmy.
- Jimmy, do not mess with that.
- Oh, three stockings?
We need a fourth
for Vanessa. Yeah.
Oh, my God,
the middle one was mine.
I love Christmas.
That was the year
we got our own tree.
- Wow.
- Yeah, it cost me
a damn fortune,
and I almost cut my hand off.
- You're so dramatic.
- Yeah, that was quite a day.
Yeah, you got a plastic...
you got a plastic tree, Ted?
Yeah, plastic.
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, there she is.
What did you do to my hair?
Oh, it was so cute, Elizabeth.
That was me. That was me.
I think it's, like,
pom-poms or something.
Look, little Ricky.
Thinks he's the next Ringo.
Nightmare.
- Let there be drums.
- I'm getting flashbacks.
Hey, Rich, you always had an
interest in music, didn't you?
Me? No, no. That wasn't me, Ted.
Sure, you did. I-I remember.
You played in the combo.
You were even thinking
of applying to a music school.
Music school? No, no, not me.
No, no. It was the art academy.
Richard was gonna apply
to the Institute of Arts.
Yeah, well, you know.
We all were sure
you were gonna be somebody.
Yeah, it just didn't work out.
All right.
That's it, baby.
- Now say, "Money!"
- Money!
- Say, "More money!"
- More money!
Wow.
Now, and have you heard
of this new thing
called television?
Is that the radio with pictures?
Yes, and-and we're watching
its development very closely.
Well, so to speak.
A-And we feel a chair like this
might be the perfect complement
to a home television ensemble.
I have to hand it to you, Leo.
This ottoman
feature is really special.
Well, I-I'm glad
you appreciate it.
I-I've been developing it
for quite some time.
-  Mm-hmm.
- A-And you know what else
is pretty special?
- This highball.
-  Oh.
What's your secret,
Mrs. Beekman?
Oh, well, goodness.
Nothing special.
Just a Seagram's
7 and ginger ale.
- And a little squeeze of lemon.
- Oh.
And the ginger ale
is Canada Dry.
Oh, yeah, Canada Dry.
- Just the good stuff.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah, well, it's delicious.
- Oh.
But I'd like to get to know
a little more about you two.
- How did you meet?
- How did we meet?
Yeah. How did you meet?
Do you want to tell it?
He followed me home.
- Followed you home?
- Mm-hmm.
I used to see her run
by the window where I worked.
- She was always running.
- I was always late.
So one day, I followed her
and saw where she lived.
And the rest is history.
Inspirational.
I know.
Sometimes our life
is just like a fairy tale.
Oh, I'm not
talking about your life.
I'm talking about
the swivel feature.
Oh.
Absolutely inspired.
Well, that, too.
...feel
so good tonight.
I do. I woke up at 5:00
this morning,
trembling and shaking all over.
I fell asleep with my electric
toothbrush in my mouth.
That's why.
And another reason
I don't feel good...
Boo!
I see a ghost. I see a ghost.
Is that a ghost?
That is a ghost.
I can't believe this house
has a...
...a gh-gh-gh-ghost!
It's a gh-gh-gh-gh-ghost!
Don't chase me, ghost!
Help me!
Help! I'm being followed
by a gh-gh-gh-gh-ghost!
Aah! Mommy! Mommy!
- Mama. Ma. Look, Mother.
- What?
- This house is haunted, Mama.
- Oh, my goodness!
There's a ghost in this house.
Th-There's a ghost.
- Oh, see? Oh. There.
- No! No!
- Do you see it?
- Oh, no! A ghost!
- I see it. I see the ghost!
- No! No! No! No!
Right there! A gh-gh-gh-ghost!
Honey, turn.
- Look at that.
-  Honey.
- Spin, spin, spin.
- Can you smile, sweetheart?
- Focus, honey. Focus, please.
- Yeah, spinning, spinning.
Smile!
Vanessa.
- Smile.
-  Vanessa, face
the camera and sit still!
That young lady is spoiled.
Ready? Smile.
♪ Let it be me...
I'm late.
Is Vanessa in bed already?
Mm, she's out like a light.
Oh, I wanted to see her.
So, how was her
first day of school?
She loved it.
Loves her teacher, too.
Great.
- Richard?
- Yeah?
I think it's time
we had our own house.
Oh, here we go again.
No, our own house.
One that we can
raise Vanessa in.
Our own home.
Honey, we've been through this
a million times.
The mortgage rates
are at nine percent.
And Johnson just put through
the biggest tax hike since
World War II.
We can't swing it right now.
We just... we can't.
- Then I'm getting a new sofa.
- Why?
Because I can't stand looking
at this antique
of your mother's another minute.
- Antique?
- And another thing.
You're gonna have to handle it
with her
because I don't want
to hear about it.
Well, why not just get
a new coffee table
while we're at it?
Thank you.
Now, wait right there.
I believe I'm hearing our song.
♪ What would life be? ♪
♪ So never leave me lonely ♪
♪ Tell me you love me only ♪
♪ And that you'll always ♪
♪ Let it be me ♪
Daddy, go faster.
"No matter how far you travel,
no matter what we see,
right here is where
we want to be.
Pickett
and The Crypt-Kickers:
"Monster Mash"]
And I say to you
with very much glee,
if I was you, I'd run
and take a great big pee.
But before you can go to bed,
I want to make quite clear,
no more drinking beer.
♪ To my surprise,
he did the Mash... ♪
"Early to bed, early to rise
makes a man healthy,
wealthy and wise."
You tell 'em, Jimmy.
It's easy to win a one-man race.
En garde, elder brother.
Engage, young James Young.
"Well done is
better than well said."
"By failing to prepare,
you are preparing to fail."
"He that falls in love with
himself shall have no rivals."
I must say, the ladies
in my quilting bee
are beginning to speak highly
of your father's ideas.
Oh, Lizzy, that's balderdash.
In a year's time,
no one will remember
the great Benjamin Franklin.
"I enjoy the amours with
mature women for three reasons:
They do not tell,
they do not swell,
and they are
grateful as hell."
You win, good sir.
- Way to go, Jimmy!
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Hear! Hear! Hear!
What fine boots
upon thee, my lady.
"These boots were
made for walkin', baby."
"And that's
just what they'll do."
Ma, let me help you with that.
Pulling out the trusty
table extension, huh?
We expecting a huge
crowd tomorrow?
Oh, just the usual family.
But I invited Ted
and Virg and the kids.
They're Thanksgiving
orphans this year.
The more the merrier, I say, as
long as we have enough turkey.
Well, I got an 18-pounder.
- Should be enough.
- Hope you got enough wine.
You know how Ted
likes to put it away.
You're one to talk.
- Huh?
- Nothing.
What'd you say?
I got something to say.
I enlisted yesterday.
You did what?
I signed up for the Navy.
The Navy?
Christ, Jimmy, what
about college, your deferment?
I was thinking I'd apply to
the fire academy when I get out.
Y-You know, be a firefighter.
Don't you know
there's still a war going on?
A ship just went down
in the South China Sea.
Yeah, well, somebody in this
family has to do their part.
I did my part for all of you.
I don't know what to say.
Well, well,
how about "thank you"?
- "Thank you for your service"?
- Oh, bullshit.
No one ever
thanked me for my service.
Sincerely,
I don't know what to say.
Well, then zip it. Huh?
Last thing I need is a lecture
from my do-nothing brother.
You're such a jerk, Jimmy.
Christ almighty.
Let's not let
this ruin Thanksgiving.
- He'll be fine.
- Yeah.
He'll be fine.
Touchdown!
My little brother
joins the Navy.
I felt so fortunate
to avoid the draft,
and now Jimmy's gonna fight
the Communists?
I weep for America.
I think it's time.
For bed?
- I'm game.
- No.
For us to have
a place of our own
where we can have our
Thanksgiving in our own home.
Well, we've
almost saved up enough.
It won't be long now.
You said that last
Thanksgiving, Richard.
Because I am not going to be
strapped with a mortgage
I can't afford.
Okay, well, I'm getting
a part-time job.
Amy said that there's
an opening for a receptionist
at the law firm she works for.
A part-time job makes no sense.
After taxes, what are
you gonna have to show for it?
Oh, my God,
your obsession with taxes.
- You just don't get it.
- We'll have to hire
a babysitter for Vanessa,
and that's gonna run
- at least $50 a week.
- I need my own space, Richard.
You and me,
we need our own space.
So you want us
to take on more debt?
We haven't paid off
your new furniture yet.
Okay, so what are we gonna do?
We're just gonna live
in this commune until we die?
I have an idea.
Why don't you join the Navy?
Why don't you have
another glass of wine?
Rose, is this leather?
No, it's Naugahyde.
- Naugahyde?
- Margaret bought it.
Mm, seems like it wears well.
It's not really my taste.
It's like something
you would have in an office.
Virginia, can I
get you another drink?
Oh, my, no.
- No, I'm already getting sleepy.
- No?
How about you, Ted?
You look wide awake.
You're not gonna let this good
bourbon go to waste, are you?
Okay, but don't blame me
if you have to carry me home.
Hey, Rose, tell that joke.
- What joke?
- "What joke?" Your joke.
You know, the one
about the doctor.
- Oh, goodness. No, you tell it.
- No, go on.
- You tell it so good.
- No, you tell it.
Come on, Rose, tell us the joke.
Okay, fine. So, there's a guy,
and he calls his doctor
for some test results,
and the doctor says,
"So, Mr. Jones,
I have some good news,
and I have some bad news.
The good news is that
you have 24 hours to live."
"That's the good news?!"
the guy screams.
"What's the bad news?"
"I should've
told you yesterday."
Isn't that great? I didn't--
- It's so silly.
- You tell it so good.
- Doesn't she tell it good?
- I don't think so.
- Ted, are you okay?
- Oh, my.
- You want some water, Ted?
- Hey, Ted.
- Teddy.
- Ted?
Ted?
- Ted!
- Oh, my God!
- Christ almighty!
- Teddy.
- Rose, do something!
- Teddy?
- Wh-What am I supposed to do?
- Call 911!
Get-get a glass
of water or something.
Mouth-to-mouth?
Teddy!
What?
Ted passed away.
He did?
Wh-When?
Twenty minutes ago.
He never woke up.
Well, at least he died laughing.
Why did I have to
tell that stupid joke?
I don't know, Rose.
I don't know.
I guess I'll go
be with Virginia.
I'll come with you.
Why, John?
Why?
Why did you let this happen?
Surprised they're
having an open casket.
Why do you say that?
Usually, there's not much left
after a plane crash.
He didn't die in a plane crash.
- He didn't?
- No.
The influenza killed him.
♪ I rode my bicycle
past your window last night ♪
♪ I roller-skated
to your door at daylight ♪
♪ It almost seems ♪
♪ Like you're avoiding me ♪
♪ I'm okay alone,
but you got somethin' I need...
Hello?
Vanessa got her head stuck
in the fireplace?
And she wants to sue Santa.
For what?
For emotional chimney trauma.
"Chimney trauma." That's genius.
She cracks me up.
Keep
those eyes closed now.
Keep them closed.
And three, two, one,
open your eyes.
That's
the best one we've ever had!
-  Beautiful.
- Yeah?
- You think so?
-  Yeah.
It was the best one on the lot.
Look how full it is.
Now, I have
one more present just for you.
Now, these are rough, but they
will give you a good idea.
I thought, if we are going
to have our own house...
...I should design it.
Oh, my gosh. Richard!
About 2,500 square feet.
With an open kitchen plan.
Breakfast nook.
I know how much
you love window seats.
Oh, my God.
Vanessa can
have her own bathroom,
and you can have your own
walk-in closet
with a shelf just
for your shoes.
Richard, I didn't
even think you heard me.
- Oh.
- Wait, did you end up
getting the raise
or a promotion?
No, no, but things are
picking up down at the firm.
I-I don't even know what to say.
You don't have to say anything.
Oh, you know,
Billy, I was just your age
when I first passed through
this tiny hamlet.
It's quite strange to me,
coming back to visit my son
after all this time,
and now with my grandson.
Grandpa, will you promise not
to argue politics with Father?
I promise.
Men, I have a dispatch
from headquarters,
signed by
General Washington himself.
The British have surrendered.
The war is over. We have won.
Now what?
Mommy! Mommy!
What happened, honey?
I lost my ribbon.
Your what?
My blue first
place ribbon from school.
You-you lost the what, honey?
- My ribbon!
- Oh, the ribbon.
Where's the last
place you saw it?
In my book bag.
Okay, well, let's go look.
- Come on.
- What's going on?
Oh, we lost
the blue school ribbon.
Oh.
I didn't get the raise.
I'm sorry, Richard.
Mm, well, there's a lot of heads
on the chopping block.
They're downsizing
at headquarters.
♪ Our house ♪
♪ Is a very, very,
very fine house... ♪
Vanessa?
Vanessa!
Vanessa, look what Mommy found!
♪ Now everything
is easy 'cause of you... ♪
Thank you, Mommy.
It was in between
the sofa cushions.
- What's going on?
- Look what Mommy found.
Hey, hey!
- Where was it?
- In between the sofa.
How did it get there?
- God put it there.
- Oh, he did?
- Because I prayed.
- Oh.
Well, some people
would call that a miracle.
I'm gonna go put it away.
You better put that
in a very safe place.
A moment
we'll always remember.
That is for sure.
♪ Can't stay at home ♪
♪ Can't stay in school...
Vanessa, get the phone!
♪ You poor little fool... ♪
Get the phone, Vanessa!
♪ I'm the fox
you've been waiting for ♪
♪ Hello, Daddy ♪
♪ Hello, Mom ♪
♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch,
cherry bomb ♪
Yes, can I help you?
Hello.
Sorry to disturb you.
We're here from
the Archaeological Society.
We were wondering
if you had a moment.
Yes, certainly.
Please, come in.
Thank you.
You must excuse the mess.
I'm afraid I'm in the middle
of a deep clean.
- I'm so sorry.
- Oh, thank you so much.
I'm Earl Higgins,
and these are my prize students,
Todd and Lisa.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Please, do come in.
Here, sit down.
- Go on.
- I'm sorry about the mess.
Can I get you something?
Um, some lemonade, perhaps?
It's homemade-- my
grandmother's recipe.
No, we don't... we don't want to
take up too much of your time.
Uh, we were just visiting
the historic house
- across the street.
- Oh, yes.
Isn't it marvelous?
Oh, it is one of the reasons
I fell in love with this house.
I am a fan of anything colonial.
Right. Well, we're primarily
involved with the study of
Native American culture.
Uh, this is a rich
archaeological area,
and we have reason to believe
that your property
may potentially
be an important site.
Oh, my.
Well, imagine that.
Will you please
try the lemonade?
It is a family tradition.
Yes? Yes.
Three lemonades coming up.
Sweet or unsweetened?
- Sweet.
- Sweet, sweet.
Uh, would you mind if I took
a look in your backyard?
Well, my husband
isn't home right now, but...
yes, I'm sure that's fine.
This way.
Wow, your yard
is the perfect size,
and there's plenty of access
from the back alley.
Uh, you have a little
fuzzy thing on your chin.
The other side. A little lower.
Oh, yeah, yeah. You got it.
You found my imperfection.
Are you
ready to do the workout?
Hey, Vanessa.
So, what's the story with
that mansion across the street?
William Franklin
once lived there.
Is he the one that planted
the cherry tree or something?
No. Gosh, Bethany,
you're such a spaz.
Thomas Jefferson is the one that
chopped down the cherry tree.
He didn't plant it.
William Franklin is Benjamin
Franklin's illegitimate son.
No shit.
How do you know that?
My mother belongs
to a historical book club.
Cool. My mother belongs
to a book club,
but all they do
is get shit-faced.
Damn.
No more aerobics tonight.
Rose, I'm back!
Everyone's power's out.
The whole neighborhood.
They were out of batteries,
but I got you two candles.
And believe it or not,
they had one copy
of your People magazine left.
Rose!
Oh, my-- Rose!
Richard!
I keep having this dream.
This...
recurring dream.
I'm standing
on a riverbank.
And I see Rose, and she's...
...she's out in the water,
and she's-she's drowning.
And I s-- I swim out to her,
but I can't...
I-I can't save her.
She keeps going under.
I try to pull her in,
but she keeps going under.
There's nothing I can do.
I'm not strong enough,
or I have no power, or I'm weak.
God help me.
Oh, God.
What are these?
"Sash motatoes."
Mashed potatoes. That's right.
"Mished topatoes."
Very good, Rose.
I heard that.
Mashed potatoes. Good girl.
How's she doing?
She eat anything?
- She did great tonight.
- Yeah?
- She ate almost every bite.
- Good job.
- Well?
- "Well," what?
- Didn't Ricky tell you?
- Tell me what?
Well, Mr. Day Late
and a Dollar Short.
I can't believe
he didn't tell you.
Tell me what, Al? What?
Me and Rose are
giving you two the house.
All paid off.
I got a little socked away
for a rainy day.
Rose is making progress.
So we decided, come the fall,
we're moving to Florida.
- Florida? But--
- And it turns out our condo
is less than two miles
from Hampstead Neuro,
which is the best stroke
rehab center in the state,
so it's a winner all around.
But wait, how-how
can you afford to--
I ran the numbers.
My pension, Social Security,
Rose's disability.
We'll be fine.
Besides, we've been living here
rent-free for years.
But wait, what-what about
Elizabeth and Jimmy?
It's their house, too.
I never told Ricky, but when my
dad died, he left me some money.
I've taken care of
Jimmy and Elizabeth.
They're thrilled for you.
Besides, wild horses
couldn't drag 'em back here.
I-I don't even
know what to say, Al.
Don't say anything.
Except, I don't know,
maybe "thank you."
You know what?
Come to think of it,
there is absolutely
nothing to say.
Say about what?
Ah, here he is,
Mr. Slower Than Molasses.
I told Margaret we're
leaving you two the house.
Al, thank you.
Yeah, good night.
I don't want this house.
Look, it's not like
I haven't been trying.
I keep hoping the economy
is gonna turn around.
We need our own house,
and I want my own life.
I'll see if I can
get more hours at work.
We can make it work.
Oh, how many more hours
can they give a receptionist?
Excuse me?
I have been a secretary
for 18 months.
Dad gave us a house!
If we sell it, we'll have to pay
- capital gains taxes.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
And if we buy a new one,
there'll be a mortgage.
Other people
buy houses, Richard!
And they make it work.
You have to stop making excuses.
You always find a reason
not to do something.
Well, I will not
- live here forever!
- And I will not gamble...
♪ We're in the money ♪
♪ Come on, my honey ♪
♪ Let's lend it, spend it ♪
♪ Send it rolling around ♪
♪ We hit the jackpot,
we hit the jackpot ♪
Say bon voyage
to our illustrious son
who hopefully will start
a great big family.
A toast to the most brilliant
inventor and his newest
creation,
- the Relax-Z-Boy recline--
- Ah. La-Z-Boy.
They're gonna
call it the La-Z-Boy.
Oh, honey,
I'm not sure I like that.
Who cares, honey? Who cares?
They can call it
anything they want.
California, here we come.
♪ Happy birthday, dear Justin ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Yay! All right.
Go ahead, make a wish, baby.
Yeah.
We found it not
far from our first site.
Wasn't buried very deep--
only a few feet.
Wow.
Oh, we have to show Rose.
Sure.
Rose, look what they found.
They found this here,
right here in the backyard.
- Necklace.
- Yeah.
Oh, please don't touch it.
It's quite sacred.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Okay,
everybody, squeeze in.
Family, family,
watch the birdie. Squeeze in.
Okay, Vanessa,
you're gonna have to--
Vanessa. Vanessa.
Vanessa. Vanessa, sweetie.
Vanessa, can you be part
of the family, please?
Okay,
everybody, stay still.
Talking to you, Rich.
And say, "Cheese."
Cheese.
-  Bye.
-  Love you.
Take good care of Rosie, Al.
Hey,
keep Mom out of the sun.
-  We love you.
-  Be good.
Bye, Grandma!
Bye, Grandpa!
- I love you! I love you!
-  Bye!
Oh, I forgot to tell you
the plumber's coming at 10:00.
- Oh, for the--
- Tomorrow. Yeah.
For the bathroom
or for the backyard?
I'm going
to Bethany's.
You're not going
out dressed like that.
I'm not going out.
I'm going to Bethany's.
Right, remember curfew--
home by 10:30.
Christ almighty, I'm almost 16.
Ten-thirty.
Turn that off.
- You hear that?
- What?
Listen.
Silence.
We're alone.
Hey, honey.
What if I were to open
a bottle of wine?
♪ I fooled around ♪
♪ And fell in love ♪
♪ I fooled around
and fell in love ♪
♪ Since I met you, baby ♪
♪ I fooled around and fell...
Eight of you in
one bathroom, for Pete's sake?
Where do you keep all the stuff?
Ah. And how do you like
sleeping on the top bunk?
I wouldn't know
anything about that.
No, you're the first one
in the family to go to college.
Haven't I told you that
only about a million times?
Well, when do you need it?
How much is it?
All right, well, I'll, uh...
I'll send you a check.
No, w-wait, wait, wait, wait.
Your mom just got home.
She wants to say hello.
Hi, sweetheart.
I-I sent you a new blanket
and some warm socks.
Oh, you do? Okay.
Well, we can talk later. Yeah.
Okay, bye-bye. Bye.
Our daughter is in college.
Time sure flies, doesn't it?
Sure does.
Oh, you're thinking
about Vanessa, aren't you?
I can tell.
It just seems like a moment ago
she left for college,
and now law school?
Our little girl
is gonna be a lawyer.
She's amazing.
Time sure does fly, doesn't it?
Law school.
We're gonna have to take
out a loan, aren't we,
for her tuition?
We have to mortgage the house.
It's the only
way we can swing it.
Whatever happened to those plans
you drew of that house?
I put 'em somewhere.
I don't know.
The attic.
That would've
been a beautiful house.
Excuse me.
I want to make
the toast this year.
This is the first
Thanksgiving without my Rose.
Sorry. Sorry.
Now...
Rose, she-she loved
having you all around her.
She loved this day. She loved...
She loved cooking for you.
She lived for you.
And for you, Dad.
Yeah, and for me.
- I love you, Dad.
- We all love you, Al.
We sure do.
- To my Rose.
- To Rose.
To Rose.
So, the first thing
you'll say to him is,
"Officer, my insurance
and registration
are in my glove compartment."
Then you're gonna leave one hand
visible on the dashboard,
and with the other hand,
you will slowly reach around
to your back pocket,
take out your wallet and give
him your driver's license.
Next, you're gonna tell him,
"Officer, I am now
going to open my glove box
and take out my
registration papers."
And making sure he can see
both your hands at all times,
you will slowly take
your registration
out of the glove box
and hand it over.
After you hand him the papers,
you're gonna sit as chilly
as a snowman,
and when he's done,
you will sign the ticket,
and you will say,
"Thank you, Officer."
Then you'll put
your turn signal on
and very slowly and carefully
merge into traffic.
And you will thank God that that
police officer that stopped you
had his morning coffee
and was thinking clearly.
Then you'll get
on with your life.
Richard,
why are the lights out?
-  Surprise!
-  Oh, my--
I got it,
I got it, I got it!
Oh, we got you.
We got you.
Hey. Hi.
- ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- Oh, my--
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday,
dear Margaret ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Make a wish.
You know, Richard said
the other day how time flies,
but Richard always
says things like that
that are kind of obvious.
- Um...
- I do. I do. Yeah.
And, you know, but it
made me think when I was 30,
if I thought about 50,
I thought,
"That is an awful long way away,
and I don't really need
to think about it," and...
and then I blinked and I'm 50.
That's crazy.
Time flies.
Um, I wish I could say
that I've done more
with my 50 years.
Um, my amazing daughter, though,
she just made senior partner--
apparently the youngest
to ever do so--
and she is one tough,
brilliant attorney, isn't she?
She is that. Yes.
Yeah.
Um, but I never
made it to law school.
Um...
And I-I never got
to see Paris in the spring,
and I never got to stay over
in Yellowstone
because it was too crowded or--
Sw-Sweetheart, your candles.
Well, no, it's just that I put
things off,
and I kept putting them off.
And I would say,
"Oh, we'll do it next year."
And then that next year
would come, and I'd say,
"Oh, next year, next year."
And...
I don't want to do that anymore.
Margaret, it's okay.
- Yeah, it's okay.
- Blow out your candles.
Yeah.
So, around the time
of the American Revolution,
marriage was something equal
to a dictatorship.
But nowadays, thank goodness, it
resembles something closer to,
shall we say, a democracy.
Although not yet
"a more perfect union."
You see, most couples
like to think of marriage
as being
together in the same boat,
doing everything together
in the same boat.
Fight and make love,
and stop making love
and fighting some more,
and then coming together
and doing it all over again.
Mostly fighting
for their individual space,
fighting to be heard,
fighting for their identity.
I like to call it
fighting over the rudder,
all while their boat is floating
down the river of life.
Possibly headed for the falls,
but most couples find solace
in this idea of
being in the same boat,
because if the boat sinks,
they go down together.
Margaret, I can't believe
you brought your shrink
into our home.
Oh, I'm not a psychiatrist.
Well, what are you?
I'm a life coach.
Even better.
A fully accredited
holistic health practitioner.
Margaret, I can't believe
that you brought
this quack
life coach into our home.
It was my suggestion,
considering your reluctance
to do the work.
My reluctance to--
What is your name again?
Gilbert Moore, CHHP.
You can call me Gil.
Well, Gilbert Moore, CHHP,
get to the point.
I think you two
belong in separate boats.
Get the fuck out of my house!
I cannot smell anything.
Look, my father
fell and broke his hip
down in Florida,
and the doctors say there were
complications in the surgery,
with an infection,
so he's gonna be laid up
for quite a while.
He'll have trouble walking
and, you know, getting around,
getting up
and down stairs, so...
Well, we have
to bring him back here.
He'll camp out
in our living room.
We have the sofa bed.
No.
No, Mar-Margaret
is not happy with it, no.
Yeah.
She's got a lot of stuff
that's going on and...
Look, it's complicated,
and I think that, uh...
I think...
I think she's going to leave me.
God, I'm sorry, Rich.
You think she's
seeing someone else?
No, no, it's nothing like that.
It's just been brewing
for an awfully long time.
Look, but, um...
we'll talk about this tomorrow.
-  The strangest thing
just happened.
- Yeah.
I had to pull the car over
on the side of the road
because I forgot where I lived.
Literally just stopped the car
and had to think about it.
Isn't that odd,
not knowing where you are?
Well, you have
a lot on your mind.
I'm glad you remembered.
Anyway, I'm here.
I'm glad you're here.
Your new prescriptions
are here on the table.
Huh? What did you say?
Your new prescriptions
are there on the end table.
Huh?
Your new prescriptions
are there on the end table!
You know,
you're gonna get old one day.
- Sorry.
- Huh?
I said I'm sorry!
I heard you the first time.
I was pulling your leg.
- What do you want to watch?
- Jeopardy!
- What?
-  Jeopardy! Ugh.
So, is that everything?
It's everything I've got.
All right.
It is a pleasure
doing business with you.
Very excited that you found
your next house so quickly.
Yeah, it wasn't easy,
but we got there.
Yeah.
So,
what you think
this is really gonna go for?
Oh,
it's so hard to say,
but it's starting to feel like
the market is really taking off.
I expect every offer to come in
at least ten percent
above asking.
- Oh.
- Maybe 20.
From your lips
to God's ears.
Well, in this market,
I may just have
a direct line with God.
I really hope so.
I'll be sure to post
all the pictures
first thing in the morning.
And email me
if you need anything else.
I will. Thank you.
-  Thank you. Good night.
- Okay, have a great evening.
You, too.
Hey.
Hey, what's going on?
Why you crying?
Hey. What--
Raquel died
like 20 minutes ago.
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Are you sure this thing's gonna
fit in the new dining room?
We had 'em
all measured, honey.
It seems pretty damn big.
Made you a sandwich.
Thank God.
I'm starving.
I can't take
care of him, Richard.
I just started to
feel like my own person.
With him being here,
I feel like I could scream,
I'm so trapped.
And I know that sounds shitty.
He wanted to come back to us.
He wanted to come home.
He wanted to be here, where--
Here!
To die.
- Hey, Dad. What's the score?
- Huh?
The game-- who's winning?
Uh...
At the
crossroads of the world,
Times Square
in New York City...
Hey, come on.
It's almost time.
In 15 seconds...
You look so silly.
It's that time of year.
Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six,
- five, four...
- To better times.
- ...three, two, one.
- Better times.
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year, Richard.
Happy New Year, Margaret.
...forensic
scientific standpoint,
you cannot
definitively prove that.
Well, my meeting was canceled,
so I figured,
how about our
favorite breakfast?
Oh, thank you.
Dad make it to therapy okay?
Uh, picked up right on time.
He has a new caregiver.
Her name is Carol.
Carol.
Vanessa left a message for me
down at the office.
Did you talk to her?
I did.
Uh, what'd she have to say?
Well, funnily enough,
we talked about you.
Me?
We talked about
what a great artist you are
and how you always wanted
to be a graphic artist
back when we met.
And she wanted to know
why you quit painting.
You know why.
I don't, actually.
I had to make a living.
I had to make money.
I took an apartment
on High Street.
I can walk to work.
So you're leaving me?
I am.
Do you think
you can save it?
Save what?
Your marriage.
I have no idea.
Your mom and I,
we never had problems like that.
Yes, you did.
People just
didn't talk about them.
That's all.
It was a different time.
Oh, she... she left me once.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, you were all little.
She left for four days,
went to New York,
saw some plays, went up
the Empire State Building.
But she came back, Ricky.
She came back,
and she never left again.
Yeah, well, it was
a different time, like I said.
She left her heavy coat.
Who did?
Margaret--
she left her heavy coat.
When you leave something
like that,
it means you want
to come back.
Margaret's
leaving all kinds of stuff.
It doesn't mean anything.
She's been forgetting
a lot of things lately.
Maybe it's time, Ricky.
For what?
Maybe you should sell the house.
Sell the house?
After all this time,
you've said sell...
I will tell you
what I am going to do.
I am going to paint.
Good.
Come along, darling.
It's time to go.
Mother, I'm going
to miss being here.
Really?
I won't.
Its name was Enza.
Come along, darling.
I opened the window.
In flew Enza.
I had a little bird.
Its name was Enza.
I opened the window.
In flew Enza.
I had a little bird.
Its name was Enza.
What did I come in here for?
Why am I here?
Rose.
I'm coming, Rose.
I'm coming.
Rose?
Don't worry.
I'm coming, Rose.
Just wait. I'm coming.
I'm coming. I'm coming.
Wallet, watch, keys.
I wanted to thank you
for being there today.
It-it meant a lot.
It was
a lovely service.
I'm sorry I couldn't stay
for the lunch, Richard.
Oh, no,
that's all right.
That's all right.
Just-- But thank you.
So, are you all right?
H-How are you doing?
I'm okay.
I'm sad, but I'm okay.
Well, it is sad. Very sad.
Yeah, and as we've discussed
many times,
that's an important feeling.
Mm-hmm. It certainly is.
It was good
that Dad and I had...
so much time, you know, since he
came back to live here, and...
we talked, we-we-we...
we sorted
through a lot of stuff.
I'm glad.
Glad you two
were able to do that.
And, Margaret, I need to...
Margaret, I have
to apologize to you.
- Richard, you don't have to--
- Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Margaret, I have to tell you
how sorry I am.
All I did was worry
about every damn thing.
In some insane way,
I must have believed
that worrying would keep
painful things from happening.
Isn't it ridiculous?
I'm sorry, Margaret.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to be
what you needed me to be.
Richard, it's okay.
But thank you.
Thank you for...
for saying that.
We both... [sniffles]
We did the best we could.
Yeah.
Ring
around the rosie,
a pocket full of posies.
Ashes, ashes, we all fall down.
We were
walking along the Seine,
and the sky opened up,
and it just started to pour.
So we ducked
into this tiny café
and ended up having
the best baguette of our life.
Oh, and I must be starting
to look French, by the way,
because an American tourist
stopped me and asked me
if I spoke English,
and I said,"Oui."
Aw. [mutters]
You got to see Paris.
I got
to see Paris, Richard.
How great
Vanessa was able
to rendezvous with you.
Oh,
it was wonderful.
And Vanessa and I decided
we're coming back every year.
- Just us. No David.
-  Oh.
Just a
mother-and-daughter trip.
Oh, why not? Yeah.
And you know
what else? I'm gonna
save my pennies to visit
a new country every year.
That sounds
like a perfect plan.
Oh,
speaking of plans,
are Vanessa and David joining
you for Thanksgiving this year?
They're going to David's folks'.
Vanessa told me
that David's mother
is hell-bent on having
Thanksgiving this year
and there's
nothing we can do about it.
Well, Margaret, the family
is spread all over the globe.
No. No. No plans.
No, n-no... no plans.
So I think I'm
just gonna skip it.
You?
Would you really want to?
I'd love that.
Well, then you got it.
Thanksgiving dinner,
4:00 p.m., right here.
It's open!
- Hey.
- Hi.
Oh, you look great.
-  Aw.
- You do.
You sure this
is what you wanted?
Oh, what could be better
for Thanksgiving dinner
than cold egg rolls?
Wow, Richard,
you've really been painting.
Oh, I've been busy, yeah.
They're great.
Well, thank you.
Beautiful.
What's this?
That is you.
I don't
look like that.
Yes, you do.
Oh, my goodness.
You could actually sell these.
- Yeah?
- Not that one, though.
I painted this one just for you.
Our Vanessa.
- So beautiful.
- Our masterpiece.
Oh, that's for sure.
- Thank you.
Here's a place of honor for you.
How nice of you to pull out
the folding table.
It's
a family tradition.
I thought, why not?
You know, the damnedest
thing happened
when I was waiting in line
at the Chinese restaurant.
For a second,
I forgot why I was there.
- It scared me.
- Hmm.
Well, the holidays can be
confusing for a lot of people.
Yeah.
- It's good to see you.
Well, I'll give the blessing.
Thank you for the sound
of all the voices
that have been here
and for bringing
us together today.
- Amen.
Now, I thought, let's begin
a brand-new tradition.
Let's start the meal
with fortune cookies.
Okay.
- You go first.
- Oh.
"Help! I'm being held prisoner
in a fortune cookie factory."
A joke my dad would've said.
"You will have an adventure."
And what an
adventure it has been.
What does yours say?
"An old love
will come back to you."
Mm. That's a good one.
Is this my good fortune?
No.
I've been thinking.
I'm gonna sell the house.
Good.
Careful, now.
- I got you.
-  Ten?
Ten, yeah. Ten years.
Can you believe it? Time flies.
Careful. You all right?
Here, I got you. I got you.
This was our home.
We lived here.
You lived here.
- We lived here?
- Yes. Yeah.
Here, sit. Sit down.
I have these chairs.
Uh, the first time
you came into this house,
oh,
you looked so beautiful.
Couldn't take my eyes off you.
You came to meet
my mom and my dad.
Now, do you
remember my mom and my dad?
Rose and Al.
No.
Well, we all
lived here together.
Many, many happy memories.
I will never forget,
this one night,
you and I made love
on my mother's sofa right here.
- No.
- Yes, we did.
They were all asleep upstairs,
and we were going at it
- pretty hot and heavy.
-  Oh! No. Oh.
Many happy memories here.
Thanksgiving and Christmas.
We-we got married right in front
of the fireplace there.
Oh, my God, you gave birth
to our daughter, Vanessa,
right here.
Do you remember
our daughter, Vanessa?
-  Eh...
- Hmm?
We raised her in this house.
We did our best
to be good parents.
You were a wonderful mother,
and I-I tried to be
a good father and...
and a good husband.
I have no regrets.
Vanessa?
Yes, our daughter, Vanessa.
She was and is a firecracker.
There was this one time she...
she had won an award
at school-- a ribbon--
and she lost it,
and she was so upset
she cried for two days straight
about that lost ribbon.
- The blue ribbon.
- Yes, it was a blue ribbon.
I-I remember.
I found it in the...
in the sofa.
The brown sofa. I remember.
I remember finding it.
She was so happy.
And you-you came in the door,
and you were so happy.
Oh, I remember all that.
That was right here.
I remember being here.
I love it here.